OSDOCS-9223 removing openshiftsdn from install doc (#70848)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-operator-cr.adoc

|`type`
|`string`
|`OVNKubernetes`. The {openshift-networking} network plugin is selected during installation. This value cannot be changed after cluster installation.
[NOTE]
====

> {product-title} uses the OVN-Kubernetes network plugin by default. The `OpenshiftSDN` parameter is no longer supported during installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} uses the OVN-Kubernetes network plugin by default. OpenShift SDN is no longer available as an installation choice for new clusters.
```

metadata:
  name: cluster
spec:
  clusterNetwork:
  - cidr: 10.128.0.0/14
    hostPrefix: 23
  serviceNetwork:
  - 172.30.0.0/16
  defaultNetwork: <1>
    type: OVNKubernetes
    ovnKubernetesConfig:
      mtu: 1400
      genevePort: 6081
      ipsecConfig:
        mode: Full

>   kubeProxyConfig:

Reviewer 2: @bscott-rh Do you want to include KubeProxyConfig in YAML? Are you explaining this at some place?

Author: Thanks, I have reverted the code block to its original content. PTAL

  serviceNetwork: <1>
  - 172.30.0.0/16
  defaultNetwork: <1>
    type: OVNKubernetes
    ovnKubernetesConfig:
      mtu: 1400
      genevePort: 6081

>       ipsecConfig: {}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ipsecConfig:
        mode: Full
```
